Make an app that allows you to report the conditions of dryer machines. The app should be written in React and Typescript, deployed on Vercel, using Supabase as backend. The app should be mobile-friendly. 
The main page of the app showcases the status of each machine, where there are 4 panels one for each machine, and a panel shows: the number of the machine; the most recent report (broken or not broken); how many X out of the last N reports were broken (this determines the color of the panel); and the percentage of broken reports today and in the last 7 days.
Clicking on a machine's panel allows you to visit the in-depth reporting page machine. Each individual report panel shows the time it was made, whether it's reported as broken or not, the setting of the dryer machine (delicates/no/low/med/high temp), whether they reran the machine again and how many times if they did, info about their load (weight, blankets versus clothes, etc., I don't know much about how the load affects the drying so fill this in with your own knowledge) (load info like weight and type should be optional btw), and finally a comment they had.
Finally, there should be a reporting page. The reporting page is just a form for the user to enter the reporting information, which is the same information that will appear in a report panel, as specified above. Also include the machine number as part of the form (use numbers 1-4 as options for now). Once they report, it brings them back to the reporting page of the machine they reported.

Change the reporting form so that just after the "is it broken" option is another radio button option for "why is it broken?" with the two options being "Used the machine but doesn't function correctly" and "Can't start the machine," with the default option being the first one. If the first one is selected, then have the rest of the form be the same as before. If the 2nd one is selected, then the options after "is it broken" all disappear, except for the comments option. In the database, this is reflected in a `broken_reason` column storing either the text "cant_start" or "not_correct." All the columns which are non-nullable before are made nullable, or if possible, have a constraint put on them so that they are nullable iff broken_reason is "cant_start." Reflect this change in 001_create_reports_table.sql.